README.md, before:

# Tutorial-ADASSx
**What:** Exploring big data efficiently with SPARCL and the Astro Data Lab science platform  
**When:** August 5, 2025 from 10:30am-12:00pm MST  
**Where:** Kuiper Space Sciences Lecture Hall (308), University of Arizona

## Instructions
1. Register for an Astro Data Lab account here: https://datalab.noirlab.edu/account/register/
2. Go to [Astro Data Lab's JupyterLab server](https://gp13.datalab.noirlab.edu/) and sign in with your Astro Data Lab username and password
3. Launch a terminal instance in JupyterLab and clone the Tutorial-ADASSx repository:  
```git clone https://github.com/astro-datalab/Tutorial-ADASSx.git```

## Jupyter notebooks in this repo
- ...

### Other links
- Astro Data Lab homepage: https://datalab.noirlab.edu/
- Help desk: https://datalab.noirlab.edu/help/
- Full notebook suite: https://github.com/astro-datalab/notebooks-latest
- SPARCL homepage: https://astrosparcl.datalab.noirlab.edu/
- Tutorial info: https://pretalx.com/adassx-2025/talk/YRPKFE/

### Contact info for questions/comments
Astro Data Lab: datalab@noirlab.edu  
SPARCL: datalab-spectro@noirlab.edu

Commit message:

Early draft of demo notebook

README.md, after:

# Tutorial-ADASSx
**What:** Exploring big data efficiently with SPARCL and the Astro Data Lab science platform  
**When:** August 5, 2025 from 10:30am-12:00pm MST  
**Where:** Kuiper Space Sciences Lecture Hall (308), University of Arizona

## Instructions
1. Register for an Astro Data Lab account here: https://datalab.noirlab.edu/account/register/
2. Go to [Astro Data Lab's JupyterLab server](https://gp13.datalab.noirlab.edu/) and sign in with your Astro Data Lab username and password
3. Launch a terminal instance in JupyterLab and clone the Tutorial-ADASSx repository:  
```git clone https://github.com/astro-datalab/Tutorial-ADASSx.git```

## Jupyter notebook in this repo
- LargeScaleStructureSdssLsDesi.ipynb

## Slides
- [Shared slides (will become live before event)](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1bLTB77aJAzdfplON880x99tf0EMJbdrcQmtINkWLyXs/edit?usp=sharing)

### Other links
- Astro Data Lab homepage: https://datalab.noirlab.edu/
- Help desk: https://datalab.noirlab.edu/help/
- Full notebook suite: https://github.com/astro-datalab/notebooks-latest
- SPARCL homepage: https://astrosparcl.datalab.noirlab.edu/
- Tutorial info: https://pretalx.com/adassx-2025/talk/YRPKFE/

### Contact info for questions/comments
Astro Data Lab: datalab@noirlab.edu  
SPARCL: datalab-spectro@noirlab.edu
